Document the pre-commit.ci bot (#13553)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/workflow/maintainer_workflow.rst

This pushes the ``my-new-feature`` branch in this repository to the ``main``
branch in the ``upstream-rw`` repository.

.. _pre-commit_bot:

Fixing coding style issues
--------------------------

Astropy now uses the `pre-commit.ci bot <https://pre-commit.ci/>`_ to assist

> maintainers with enforcing the astropy coding style and fixing the most code style
> issues. The bot makes use of the pre-commit hook described in detail in :ref:`pre-commit`.

Reviewer: FWIW trying to soften the language here...
```suggestion
with maintaining the astropy coding style and fixing code style
issues. The bot makes use of the pre-commit hook described in detail in :ref:`pre-commit`.
```

By default the bot will run a code-style check on every push to a pull request with the

> results reported in the checks section of the pull request.  The bot will skip running

Reviewer: Awesome!
